/*
 *  Team: Warning&Error&Fault
 *  Developers: Chen Gan, Zhaokun Feng, Yujie Zhang
 *  Project: ES Rater
 */

This software to be completed aims at facilitating the calligraphy fans, especially who are keen at the font which is called ES.

The ideal version of the software should be  
accessible to clients through all the platforms  
including ios, android and windows. By employing  
this application, the client only need to upload the  
picture of a single capital or lower-case letter  
written by them. And then the application can  
automatically recognize the character and compare  
it with the perfect and standard letter to grade the  
letter and offer the clients some practical suggestions to improve their calligraphy skills.

However, the current situation is disappointing. The  
application is not very user-friendly. In order to  
obtain their score of a hand-writing letter, the client  
has to prepare a corresponding standard and perfect  
letter in advance. And they can only access to the  
visit a specific website and upload their hand-writing  
letter as well as the perfect one. After that, the  
website can give a feedback of the similarity of the  
two letters without suggestions.

The detailed instructions on how to employ our  
application is unnecessary, considering the concision  
of our website. Just visit it and try it for yourself!

Moreover, in spite of the current dim situation, the  
value and further application of our website is not  
limited. For example, we are considering build a community for the calligraphy fans to interact and communicate with each other. In addition, we can also use the files uploaded by the clients to sharpen our future machine learning model. 

Last but not least, the clients may find that there is a file named "hack1.py" in our package. At first, we try to call the python program in our website. Unfortunately, we later found it was too difficult for us to realize that idea. Alternatively, we choose to learn some basic knowledge of the Javascripts quickly to complete the application.